Use 'signer' instead of 'recipient', and add note about included information in the signed document (#56)
digipost/signering-docs: source/adressering-av-undertegner.rst

1. By email and/or SMS (only available for private organizations)
2. By national identity number

> The signed document will only include signatures from these signers, so remember to include signers from the sender side as well, if necessary.

Author: Litt usikker på setningen her, så åpen for forslag! Tanken er å påpeke at vi ikke legger inn noe informasjon i det signerte dokumentet om avsender hvis de ikke har gjort det selv.

Reviewer: Kanskje noe sånt, siden man snakker om adressering av undertegnere?

```suggestion
The signed document will only include signatures from the *addressed* signers, so remember to include signers from the sender side as well, if applicable.
```

Bra presisering 👍
